Update readme.txt (#51505)
woocommerce/woocommerce: plugins/woocommerce/readme.txt

= 9.3.2 2024-09-18 =

> - Fix invalid path error in product importer in Windows [#51456](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pull/51456)
> - Revert - changes related to low stock product notification [#51441](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pull/51441)
> - Fix bug where manually triggering `added_to_cart` event without a button element caused an Exception [#51449](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pull/51449)

Reviewer: Thanks, and sorry for the earlier miss. On taking a second look, should we format/tweak slightly, so we get something like the following?

```suggestion
- Fix - Improve the product importer's handling of filepaths under Windows [#51456](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pull/51456)
- Fix - Revert changes related to low stock product notifications [#51441](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pull/51441)
- Fix - Resolve a bug where manually triggering `added_to_cart` event without a button element caused an Exception [#51449](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pull/51449)
```

Just thinking that the standard formatting is `Type - Message [PR Link](://)`, and `Revert` as a prefix seems very atypical/not supported by the current changelogger, so the above might be a little more consistent with other changelogs from prior releases.
